Bryce Young, (QB) CAR	
Current ADP: 16.10	
It was a disastrous start to the 2024 season for Young as he got benched for Andy Dalton, but when he came back in as the starter, he showed some real flashes. Young was quietly the QB9 after from Weeks 12-17, and over his final eight games, he averaged 26 rushing yards per game. It doesn’t sound like a ton, but that’s nearly a 450-yard pace across a full season. If he can keep that up in 2025 and take a step forward as a passer in his second season in Dave Canales’ system, Young has the ability to be a top-12 fantasy QB. The offensive line is in a good place, Chuba Hubbard is a nice option out of the backfield, and this team added a true WR1 in the form of Tetairoa McMillan with the 8th overall pick in the NFL Draft.	
Justin Fields, (QB) NYJ	
Current ADP: 12.07	
The Justin Fields experience ran out in Pittsburgh as Mike Tomlin opted to go with Russell Wilson down the stretch, but when Fields was under center, we saw exactly what we’ve come to expect from him in fantasy football - plenty of rushing, and therefore, fantasy points! Fields averaged just under 19 fantasy points per game in six starts last season, and if you zoom out, he’s averaging over 50 rushing yards per start since he entered the NFL. We still have serious questions about his ability to function as a top-tier thrower of the football, but as long as he is going to run, he is a great bet to put up QB1 numbers for fantasy.	
Jordan Mason, (RB) MIN	
Current ADP: 10.02	
Mason was excellent last season in San Francisco in the wake of the Christian McCaffrey injury saga. Among all qualified backs with 75+ carries, he was top-10 in both broken tackle rate and yards after contact per attempt. He lands in Minnesota after the Vikings made a trade to acquire him to be Aaron Jones’ running mate. While Jones should be the favorite for lead back duties, he’s now 30 years old and coming off a career high in total opportunities. There is a chance the Vikings scale back Jones’ heavy workload this year and form more of a committee; if they do, Mason will be the direct beneficiary. Of course, there is also plenty of contingent upside with Mason if Jones should happen to miss time. Snag him late in drafts and stash him on your bench. We want pieces of this potent Minnesota offense.	
Roschon Johnson, (RB) CHI	
Current ADP: 18.01	
We all expected Chicago to take one of the great RBs in this draft class, and no disrespect to 7th rounder Kyle Monangai, but they didn’t! While it’s natural to expect D’Andre Swift to be the biggest winner here, let’s not forget what happened the last time new head coach, Ben Johnson, was with Swift in Detroit. Swift still had plenty of fantasy value thanks to his receiving role, but he lost a ton of carries to Jamaal Williams. In his final season with Detroit (2022), Swift only played 42% of the snaps and handled 28% of the RB rush attempts. If something similar shakes out here in Chicago, Johnson has sneaky volume upside, and he’s going insanely late in drafts. You can snag him as a bench piece for essentially free and see what shakes out in Chi-Town.	
Tank Bigsby, (RB) JAX	
Current ADP: 13.01	
It may be gross staring a three-headed RB committee monster in the face, but when it in doubt, hop in the tank! Bigsby was the laughingstock of fantasy as a rookie but he quietly became one of the best yards-after-contact RBs in the league last year. While he has yet to break through as a receiver at the NFL level, he was a productive pass catcher at Auburn. Early down snaps and carries correlate best with fantasy production so while your buddy screams about the importance of 3rd downs, roll your eyes and take the Jacksonville Jaguars RB who is the "best runner of the football". If Liam Coen transforms this offense the way he did in Tampa Bay with multiple RBs finishing inside the top-24 at the position, Tank could be a sneaky late round pick in 2025.	
Cam Skattebo, (RB) NYG	
Current ADP: 9.05	
In the later rounds of drafts, we love attacking ambiguous situations, especially at the RB position. If you’re looking for a later round RB who could emerge, look no further than the human wrecking ball that is Cam Skattebo. Tyrone Tracy was serviceable last year, but he is more of a change of pace type back while Devin Singletary was completely phased out of the offense in 2024. Skattebo has the frame to pile up touches in the NFL, and his tackle breaking numbers and receiving production during his final two collegiate seasons were awesome. He is not the most explosive athlete, but there is still plenty of upside here.	
Cedric Tillman, (WR) CLE	
Current ADP: 16.09	
Tillman was kept off the field from Weeks 13-18 due to a concussion so it might be hard to recall how good this guy was for fantasy earlier in the season. He did not begin the year as a starter for Cleveland, but once he got his opportunity, he was great posting an average stat line of 6/75/0.8 on 10 targets per game from Weeks 7-11. Obviously, that is a small sample size, but behind Jerry Jeudy, the opportunity is there for Tillman to once again earn an every down role as the team’s WR2. Snag him late in drafts just in case that magical month from last year was not a fluke.	
Jayden Higgins, (WR) HOU	
Current ADP: 10.08	
Jayden Higgins gained a ton of steam throughout the pre-draft process, and he ended up being the 34th overall pick in the draft giving him really strong draft capital to support a great production profile. We know Nico Collins is the alpha in this pass game, but with Tank Dell out for the year and Stefon Diggs now in New England, there is an opportunity for Higgins to establish himself right away as the WR2 across from Nico in 2WR sets. If CJ Stroud can recapture some of that magic from his rookie season, Higgins has a ton of upside, especially at his low draft cost. We really like the idea of taking him late in drafts if your squad can use a potential boost from a rookie.	
Tre Harris, (WR) LAC	
Current ADP: 12.03	
Harris’ per route numbers coming out of Ole Miss were off the charts and now he gets to play with Justin Herbert across from Ladd McConkey as the number 55 (!!) pick in the NFL Draft. What could be more magical? Quentin Johnston was actually decent last year, but it is pretty clear this team was looking for an extra weapon in the pass game, especially with Joshua Palmer heading east to Buffalo. If Harris can lock down that WR2 role for LA, he should have plenty of weeks as a startable asset, who can post FLEX-type numbers right away as a rookie if things break right.	
Travis Hunter, (WR) JAX	
Current ADP: 6.03	
It might sound silly to call Hunter a “sleeper” in fantasy football, but there are so many question marks on what his role will be in Jacksonville. He is going late enough in drafts despite the fact the Heisman trophy-winning superstar is a once-in-a-lifetime talent. We’re calling our shot here and saying that Hunter will play more on offense than the general public might think after he was labeled as a WR and CB coming out of school. Liam Cohen’s offenses have been able to support multiple high-end WRs for fantasy, and while we think the world of Brian Thomas Jr., there is really not much on the depth chart behind him that will prevent Hunter from a really strong role right away as a rookie. Don’t be afraid of the CB talk; swing for the fences! If you ain’t first, you’re last!	
Tucker Kraft, (TE) GB	
Current ADP: 10.09	
Despite being drafted behind TE teammate Luke Musgrave in the 2023 NFL draft, Kraft looks like the Green Bay Packer you want to target in fantasy. He was the TE9 last year as an absolute YAC machine. Big plays are rare at the TE position but Kraft had 17 receptions of 15+ yards in 2024 on only 70 total targets. For context, bigger names like Travis Kelce (17 on 133 targets) and Jonnu Smith (15 on 111) could not touch the Cheese King's greatness with the ball in his hands. Targeting late round TEs with elite after the catch abilities in good offenses seems like a formula for success.	
Brenton Strange, (TE) JAX	
Current ADP: 16.07	
Brenton Strange is the next man up in Jacksonville after the Jags decided to move on from Evan Engram. The former 2nd rounder flashed last year with Engram off the field. In seven games where he played 68+% of the snaps, Strange averaged a respectable five targets per game and was a top-10 fantasy TE in four of those games. He will not be a top target in the offense with Brian Thomas Jr. and Travis Hunter healthy, but there is a real chance Strange is playing a near every down role for an up-and-coming offense that got a major scheme upgrade with Liam Cohen now at the helm. If you are completely punting at TE in your drafts, there are certainly worse late round targets than Strange.	