Our Expert Value Picks for the Upcoming Season
Below are players who represent a good draft day value. These aren't guys you should be reaching for, but rather guys who will drop to where they shouldn’t. When you draft these guys at their current Average Draft Position, we feel you’ll be getting a steal. Every team needs to have guys who represent solid value on their team, alongside their sleepers and breakout candidates.



Bo Nix, (QB) DEN
Current ADP: 7.04
Every time we go back and review Nix’s rookie season, it just seems to get better and better. He was the QB6 from Week 5 on, averaging 21.9 fantasy points per game, including registering the highest completion percentage inside the 10-yard line (71%) in the NFL. His mobility was on display all year, averaging the 7th most fantasy points per dropback (0.65) outside the pocket and 9th most rushing fantasy points per game (3.9) among QBs. Why is he hovering outside QB10 in ADP this year? At the QB position, we are searching for values that meet a couple of criteria: are they on a potentially playoff-bound team, and do they run the ball? Nix checks both of those boxes with an arsenal of weapons restocked in the NFL Draft.


Dak Prescott, (QB) DAL
Current ADP: 10.11
Dak is yet again a value… rinse and repeat. After a decade of compiling the UDK, some things never change. In six full seasons, Dak finished as a top-12 QB in… (drumroll)... all six of them. Before getting injured in Week 9, the Cowboys captain was chucking it to the tune of 37 pass attempts and 264 passing yards per game, both top-5 marks among QBs. You are receiving an injury discount yet again despite an upgrade in the receiving corps with the arrival of George Pickens. If you want to wait until the double-digit rounds to take Dak as your Week 1 starter, we are in. In SuperFlex leagues, he is an undervalued QB2 with upside to be a top-10 guy.


Alvin Kamara, (RB) NO
Current ADP: 4.05
It’s time to look yourself in the mirror and ask yourself a question: Do I like fantasy points? Oh, you do? Well, can I interest you in an RB who led ALL RBs in expected fantasy points per game and target share last year? What if I told you he is going nowhere close to the top-12 at the position despite the fact that this player finished as an RB1 in six of the last eight seasons, including again in 2024? Are you sick and tired of us answering our own questions? Take the value of Alvin Mentian Kamara (yes, that is his middle name) as the type of RB2 who will not disappoint you. The Saints are not concerned about his age, signing him to a two-year extension and further cementing his status as a PPR back we want on our teams in 2025.


Chuba Hubbard, (RB) CAR
Current ADP: 4.11
Call it the Panthers stench but Chuba looks like a value for 2025. Since Week 12 of the 2023 season, he’s averaged 21 opportunities per game on this team! It seems like he is the engine of this offense and yet you are not having to pay top tier cost for this type of workload. Bryce Young improved mightily down the stretch and it wouldn't shock us if the Panthers take a step forward as an offense in a weak division. That could mean more red zone opportunities for a guy who somehow found the end-zone 11 times last year on a 5-win squad.


James Conner, (RB) ARI
Current ADP: 5.04
Are we in the twilight zone? The calendar changed and yet we find ourselves with another opportunity to scoop up James Conner when no-one else wants him. Fantasy football managers are truly ageists and while rostering a 30-year-old RB can seem daunting, fantasy production is something we are into. He saw 31% of the team's total rush attempts and targets for the 2nd year in a row. For perspective, anything above 30 % is elite and yet we can count a handful of other RBs going ahead of him in drafts that are not sniffing that type of workload dominance. He is the main identity of the Cardinals' offense as this team ranked 7th in rushing yards per game and 6th in EPA per rush attempt last year. Arizona's early season schedule is also a beauty as they are currently favored in five of their first six games.


Brian Robinson Jr., (RB) WAS
Current ADP: 7.12
If fantasy football had an award for “least sexy pick”, BRob might take the cake. It is basically the opposite of People Magazine’s “Sexiest Man Alive,” but if you have ever gone up against Robinson in your matchup, you get it. For the first two months of 2024, he was outscoring Bijan Robinson as the premier “B. Robinson” in fantasy. As the lead back for one of the league’s most exciting offenses, he remains unwanted outside the top-24 RBs in ADP. Washington’s opening schedule (NYG, @ GB, LV, @ ATL) is rather juicy for ground attacks, so while you are not winning any style points, starting out the gate hot at your RB3/FLEX position feels just fine.


Courtland Sutton, (WR) DEN
Current ADP: 5.02
Nobody wants the old guy. Despite signing a 4-year contract extension, ageists in your draft room are continuing to bypass Sutton for younger, sexier names. He was the WR13 in Bo Nix's rookie year and his red zone prowess makes him one of the easier WR1s to potentially hit double-digit TDs. The best part is his draft cost allows him to fit in comfortably as your team's WR2 or *gasp* a FLEX. It's rare to find a bonafide, locked-in receiver seeing 25+ % of his team's targets no one wants.


DeVonta Smith, (WR) PHI
Current ADP: 5.05
We know DeVonta Smith is an extremely talented WR. All he needs is more volume for him to really hit for fantasy. Good news - We think he'll see a lot more targets in 2025 than he did in 2024. The Eagles were able to dominate games last year, which resulted in Jalen Hurts dropping back just 11 times per game in the second half. That number was 36th AKA dead last among qualified QBs. It's really hard to for fantasy WRs to be great when your team is handing the ball off on repeat to salt the game away. While that outcome is still possible this year, all signs point to Philly having a more competitive schedule, which should result in more back-and-forth game environments for the Super Bowl champs. If Hurts is forced into more drop backs, Smitty is a good bet to beat his ADP.


Jakobi Meyers, (WR) LV
Current ADP: 7.10
Meyers knows his place in fantasy football, and he annually takes his seat as a FLEX play without much fanfare. He was a top-24 WR last year, and yet you can draft him to once again be a quality WR3/FLEX for your team. Geno Smith presents a major improvement on a number of levels for this Raiders offense, and while the team pass rate might come down from last year’s 3rd ranked Minshew/O’Connell hodgepodge, the efficiency should increase across the board. Meyers is an every down player with an opportunity to out-punt his draft cost in 2025.


Calvin Ridley, (WR) TEN
Current ADP: 7.04
If you were burned by Ridley last year, join the club. It was a bumpy ride finishing as WR30 despite playing all 17 games and finishing over 1,000 receiving yards. Enter No. 1 pick Cam Ward, who is the type of gunslinger we want at the helm instead of the “Temu version of Brett Favre” known as Will Levis. (Sorry, was that rough?) The stench from Ridley’s 2024 season is carrying over in drafts, and those battle wounds are causing many to bypass him yet again. What if last year was his floor? Even a slight improvement in consistency can pay off at his current ADP, where he is being priced as a fringe top-36 WR.


Emeka Egbuka, (WR) TB
Current ADP: 9.12
We know that historically rookie WRs are a great bet to outperform their draft day cost. The 19th overall pick in the draft joined a crowded room in Tampa Bay leaving his draft cost incredibly cheap. With Chris Godwin likely being brought along slowly, the value of grabbing a player with his draft capital and pedigree this late could be immense as a depth piece with serious upside in an offense we want pieces from. The consistent drumbeat this off-season is this kid is a professional and Baker Mayfield praised him for his ability to play at all three receiver positions on the field. Expect his ADP to continue to rise throughout August.


George Kittle, (TE) SF
Current ADP: 4.03
To quote the great fashion designer Jacobim Mugatu, “I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!” Kittle is coming off his best all-around fantasy season with 10(!) top-5 finishes (tying Travis Kelce’s career-high), and yet he is not being priced up among the elite TEs of Bowers and McBride. The 49ers have the easiest strength of schedule in the NFL, and Kittle possesses something those other TEs only dream of: red zone dominance. He was targeted on 33% of his routes inside the 20 (#1 among all TEs), and his 18 red zone receptions ranked 4th among all pass-catchers in the NFL. If you miss out on those elite options, Kittle feels like stealing at his current ADP.


David Njoku, (TE) CLE
Current ADP: 8.11
With the unknowns related to the QB position in Cleveland, Njoku is being left in no man’s land in 2025 drafts. He still showed a ton of upside in 2024, including three top-2 finishes (as many as Brock Bowers), and as long as the QB isn’t Deshaun Watson, he can still be a legit starter for fantasy. Over the last three seasons, he has averaged 7.9 targets, 56 receiving yards per game, and 11 fantasy points per game in non-Watson starts. The only other TEs to match those numbers are dudes named Bowers, Kelce, and Kittle. The discount is sweet considering we are projecting Njoku to potentially see 100 targets yet again.