Baker Mayfield, (QB) TB
Current ADP: 6.09
Laser Mayfield! Unfortunately, Mayfield’s lasers may not shine so bright in 2025. His efficiency was off the charts last year, and in fact, his eight finishes inside the top-5 at the position were the most among all QBs thanks to his outlier season. For context, he was just the third player in NFL history with 4,500+ yards and 40+ passing TDs with a completion percentage higher than 70%. Prior to 2024, Mayfield had never had a TD rate higher than 5.6%, and last year, his rate was all the way up at 7.2%. Obviously, it’s tough to replicate that level of production. Fantasy managers thinking last year is the new norm for Baker might be disappointed with regression very likely to hit Laser this season. Losing Liam Cohen certainly doesn’t help, either.


Tua Tagovailoa, (QB) MIA
Current ADP: 17.04
The vibes in Miami aren’t what they were a couple of years ago when Tua, Tyreek, and Waddle made magic in 2023. In that season, the Dolphins were able to hit on a ton of huge plays that resulted in TDs, and because of that hyper-efficient offense, Tua was fantasy’s QB9. However, this Dolphins offense has morphed into a low aDOT, “get the ball out quick” scheme that defenses seem to have figured out. For context, 65% of his attempts last year were within 10 yards of the line of scrimmage, and Tua completed just one pass of 20+ air yards from Week 12 on. It’s really hard to hit on chunk gains when that’s the case, and on top of that, the offense line projects to be among the worst in football. When you combine those factors with Tua’s lack of mobility and concussion history, it’s hard to see a world where Tua is a difference maker in fantasy football.

Regression Alert
James Cook, (RB) BUF
Current ADP: 3.11
If you had Jim Cook on your squad last year, you were riding high with all of those TDs, but it’s officially time to put Cook on notice as a major regression candidate. Despite playing fewer snaps and accumulating fewer yards with fewer opportunities in 2024 than he did in 2023, he finished with a ridiculous 16 rushing scores. He scored on 7.7% of his rush attempts a year ago, a mark that is simply impossible to replicate with 43% of his fantasy production coming via TDs. Don’t get us wrong, we love us some TDs around here, but they are very fluky year-to-year, and Cook’s TD output should come crashing down to Earth in 2025. On top of the regression concerns, Cook is also in the midst of a contract dispute with the Bills. If he holds out into training camp, that also adds a lot more risk to his situation in general.


Jaylen Warren, (RB) PIT
Current ADP: 8.08
Warren’s per touch numbers have been great since he’s entered the NFL, so this is not a talent issue by any means. That said, at some point in a player’s career, you kind of have to just accept that some NFL RBs have a capped ceiling for fantasy. We fully expect Warren to be involved in Pittsburgh’s offense, but their coaching staff has been reluctant to give him a heavy workload, even with Najee Harris plodding along as an inefficient runner in years past. Now, they have an exciting rookie in Kaleb Johnson who profiles as a potential workhorse at the next level. Johnson is a perfect fit in Arthur Smith’s system, and we fully expect him to handle the lion’s share of the touches. Warren is probably going to be fine as a FLEX play, but fantasy managers hoping for a breakout with Harris now in LA are likely to be disappointed.


Breece Hall, (RB) NYJ
Current ADP: 3.09
Fantasy football is a cruel, cruel game. While Breece Hall was one of Jason's favorite RB prospects a couple of years ago, a lot has changed in New York. His pass-catching work is arguably the only steady part of his game with the Jets being one of the most anemic red zone offenses in the league. Justin Fields' arrival and Breece's declining efficiency metrics are a few red flags we are noticing. However, the outlook could be even more bleak when you consider that head coach Aaron Glenn consistently referred to the backfield as a committee with Braelon Allen and Isaiah Davis. We have him projected for a lower overall workload than his ADP suggests preferring him as a mid-to-low-end RB2 rather than chasing whatever RB1 ceiling you think he still possesses.


Chris Olave, (WR) NO
Current ADP: 6.10
We’re big fans of Olave’s talent, but if we’re being honest, there are a lot of ways where this doesn’t work out for fantasy. The concussion risks with Olave are real, and this Saints QB room is possibly the worst in football with Derek Carr hanging ‘em up. Call us crazy, but we’re not super bullish on the trio of Tyler Shough, Spencer Rattler, and Jake Haener supporting top tier fantasy WRs. From a team level perspective, you’ve also got a first-time head coach, with the roster in the midst of a major overhaul. It would not be surprising at all to see this team in the mix for a top-10 pick yet again in 2026, as this team looks to potentially find their QB of the future in next year’s class.

Age Concerns
Tyreek Hill, (WR) MIA
Current ADP: 3.03
The Cheetah is not in his prime any longer. Was last year the start of the decline? Now 31 years old coming off wrist surgery, Hill set career lows in yards per route run (1.75) and YAC/Reception (3.5). He was completely unstartable without Tua in the lineup, but even when Tua was back under center, Hill only averaged 12.1 fantasy points per game from Weeks 8-16. Those are fine WR2 numbers, but for Hill’s standards, it was a disappointment. Hopefully the dip in production can be explained away by the wrist injury, but we need to acknowledge that it’s possible Hill isn’t the same player he was a couple of seasons ago.

Injury
Brandon Aiyuk, (WR) SF
Current ADP: 9.07
Aiyuk was incredible a couple of years ago, but after he held out all off-season waiting for a new contract, then struggled at the start of the 2024 season. In Weeks 1-7 prior to tearing his ACL, Aiyuk had just one week with 8+ fantasy points. Now, he’s recovering from a multi-ligament ACL + meniscus surgery that could cause him to get off to a slow start in 2025. We expect Aiyuk to eventually be healthy enough to produce late in the season, but he’s a tough click in drafts, especially if your league doesn’t have an IR spot. Historically speaking, players coming off ACL injuries tend to be more productive in Year 2 after the surgery, so look for Aiyuk to potentially bounce back in 2026.

Regression Alert
Terry McLaurin, (WR) WAS
Current ADP: 3.11
This one hurts. We finally got that incredible season for fantasy from Scary Terry after waiting forever for him to get a real QB. However, much like other players on this list like James Cook and Baker Mayfield, we think he’s due for some serious regression in the TD department. McLaurin had the fewest receiving yards (1,096) for a top-6 fantasy WR since 2017 when Jarvis Landry had just 987 yards. How did he finish as the WR6? A boatload of TD catches. McLaurin is one of just 10 WRs since 2000 with 13+ TD receptions on fewer than 125 targets. Expecting McLaurin to replicate his outlier double-digit TD season is likely to be fool’s gold. We still think he could post low-end WR2 numbers for fantasy, but anyone expecting McLaurin to repeat as a Top-10 WR is likely to be disappointed. And remember, this team added Deebo Samuel this off-season to give McLaurin a bit more target competition than he had a season ago.


Travis Kelce, (TE) KC
Current ADP: 6.06
This dude is an iron man and a true unicorn, but at some point, you have to get out a year early in fantasy football. Kelce turns 36 in October, and the Chiefs could manage his playing time with their eyes set on the post-season just like they did in 2023 when he played just 69% of the snaps. In 2024, KC had no choice but to get Kelce out there after Rashee Rice suffered a season-ending knee injury in Week 4, and Hollywood Brown injured his SC joint in the pre-season. With both of those guys back and Xavier Worthy a potential Year 2 breakout candidate, Kelce might not be the dominant guy he’s been throughout his entire career. The name value is still there, but he’s more likely to be a mid TE1 than a difference maker at the position.


Mark Andrews, (TE) BAL
Current ADP: 7.08
Let’s be real. The vibes around Mark Andrews are weird, man. He lost playing time to Isaiah Likely last year, and immediately following the season, there were rumors that Baltimore might move on. He was great last season for fantasy, but you could argue he was the most TD reliant player in the game. His 11 receiving TDs were tied with Mike Evans for the fourth-most in all of football, yet he had fewer targets than Chig Okonkwo! If Andrews continues to cede playing time to Likely, and his volume remains low, we can expect his TD numbers to come crashing back to Earth.