Drake Maye, (QB) NE
Current ADP: 12.10
The formula for breakout fantasy QBs is simple: how much do they run? It’s easy to dismiss how much a weekly floor and overall boost you receive, even from 20 rushing yards. In his 11 full starts last year, Maye averaged 37 rushing yards per game, a feat only four other QBs accomplished last year: Lamar Jackson, Jayden Daniels, Anthony Richardson, and Jalen Hurts. With a new play caller and upgraded weapons, the opportunity is there for Maye to take the next step and vault into a perennial top-12 QB. You can take Maye at the end of your drafts and pair him with another if you want to take a measured approach.


J.J. McCarthy, (QB) MIN
Current ADP: 12.11
You might be saying to yourself, “Hey, I scored as many fantasy points as McCarthy last year!” Regardless of what you think about JJM as a prospect, the system in Minnesota is perhaps the more intriguing connection to make. Kevin O’Connell seems to have things figured out as Vikings QBs averaged the 7th most fantasy points over the last three years despite rolling through Kirk Cousins, Joshua Dobbs, Jaren Hall, Nick Mullens, and Sam Darnold. The talented 2nd year QB is surrounded by top-notch weapons and might run enough (think Alex Smith) to become a weekly startable fantasy QB. His draft cost is relatively free, so consider this an easy way to profit if Minnesota once again is a top-10 scoring offense.


RJ Harvey, (RB) DEN
Current ADP: 6.01
When Denver took Harvey 60th overall in the draft, we immediately started calculating all the possibilities of a lead RB in a Sean Payton system. History says this is a match made in heaven as Harvey’s reception share from UCF dovetails nicely with the fact that the Broncos led the NFL in RB target share (32%). In fact, going back to his days in New Orleans, Sean Payton's offenses have ranked top-5 in total RB targets every season from 2014-2021. He will compete with J.K. Dobbins for lead back duties but we project the talented rookie to eventually take over. Harvey warrants being taken as an RB2 for your roster, and his PPR production could make him a league winner in Year 1.


Ashton Jeanty, (RB) LV
Current ADP: 1.11
Oh baby! The Raiders ponied up in the NFL Draft, and we know that when an NFL team spends this type of draft capital on the RB position, they mean business. The Raiders ranked dead last in EPA per rush last year; in fact, it was the lowest of any NFL team over the last five years. Jeanty drastically changes the makeup of the Raiders and the landscape of fantasy football. Next year, we could be talking about him as a locked-in top-3 pick, so we would advise taking an aggressive approach, especially if you are in a keeper league.


Omarion Hampton, (RB) LAC
Current ADP: 4.09
Don’t be alarmed by the presence of Najee Harris. The veteran back might obscure the view in front of you: the Chargers took an RB in the first round of the NFL Draft. Trust Jim Harbaugh and his run-heavy approach to lean on the more talented and explosive player as the year progresses. What could a Year 1 breakout look like for Hampton? 250+ touches and double-digit TDs are certainly on the table considering the duo of Gus Edwards and J.K. Dobbins combined for 13 scores last year. At the end of the year, Hampton could vault into RB1 territory for a Chargers team that likely will be playoff-bound.


Kaleb Johnson, (RB) PIT
Current ADP: 7.09
While Jaylen Warren was crowned publicly as the lead back by this organization, we can’t help but call “baloney!” as Johnson’s upright, one-cut downhill running style makes us drool with excitement. His size says he is better suited to be the lead back in Arthur Smith’s system, and let’s not forget how massive a workload Najee Harris saw in Pittsburgh. He averaged 319 touches per year. Johnson deserves consideration as an RB3/FLEX during your drafts, but we envision a trajectory of him being even more valuable for your teams as you inch closer to the colder, winter months.


TreVeyon Henderson, (RB) NE
Current ADP: 6.05
Hendo's best traits are his vision and explosiveness as evidenced the highest explosive play rate (15+ yards) in this RB class. He is a great fit for today’s game catching the ball and he comes in as arguably the most disciplined pass-blocker of the class. There is a ton to like for the rookie to overtake Rhamondre Stevenson as the meaningful back you want in New England. Rookie RBs are great bets to outperform their draft cost as we looked at every rookie RB taken in the 1st SIX rounds of redraft since 2011. If you zero in on rookie RBs who saw 2.5 or more targets per game, 80% of them exceeded their ADP expectation! By year's end, we could be talking about him as a league winner.


Marvin Harrison Jr., (WR) ARI
Current ADP: 3.12
Depending on whether you rostered Marv or not last year in any league, the outlook heading into 2025 can be quite polarizing. Let us put things into perspective: he was one of six rookie WRs over the last decade to put up 880+ yards and 8 TDs. It is an impressive list that includes Brian Thomas Jr., Jordan Addison, Ja’Marr Chase, A.J. Brown, and Michael Thomas. Expect the Cardinals to review a ton of his high aDOT targets from last year and adjust in Year 2. We view Marv as a more appropriately priced WR2 this year with upside to deliver as a WR1 if his catch percentage goes north of 60%.


Ricky Pearsall, (WR) SF
Current ADP: 9.05
Pearsall’s 1st round selection by the 49ers in 2024 was a bit surprising on a couple of fronts. However, after trading Deebo Samuel and Brandon Aiyuk’s ACL tear, the 49ers might have always been playing the long game, hoping that Pearsall could emerge. He will compete with Jauan Jennings and George Kittle for top target earner status, and his second half performances bode well for a breakout to ensue in Year 2. Pearsall had three games of 15+ fantasy points over the final half of the year. Of the 14 rookies who accomplished that feat over the last decade, 11 of them (79%) were a top-24 in fantasy points per game in Year 2. He is not being drafted in that range, making this a real breakout on the horizon.


Jameson Williams, (WR) DET
Current ADP: 5.11
It may feel like we are cheating a bit here as Jameson finished last year as a top-20 WR on only 58 receptions and just over 1,000 receiving yards. His 17.3 yards per catch average matches up with the explosiveness you saw the Lions finally utilize in 2024. He was one of four WRs with 4+ games of 20 or more fantasy points, joining the likes of Ja’Marr Chase, Mike Evans, and Brian Thomas Jr. He morphed from a fun “shoot-the-moon” type of FLEX play to a WR2 before our eyes last year. What is stopping him from taking another step in 2025? Our projections are bullish on Jamo progressing towards a 20 % target share and an outside shot at double-digit TDs.


Rome Odunze, (WR) CHI
Current ADP: 7.07
It was not so rosy in Year 1 as Odunze ended up third on the team in targets (101) and mostly irrelevant finishing as the WR47. However, we do not play fantasy football dwelling only on what we have seen. If Caleb Williams takes even a small step forward in Year 2, we are starting to heat up. You can also bet new HC Ben Johnson is going to have a ton of fun scheming up “shot plays” and red zone looks Odunze’s way. Looking back over the last decade, among eight rookie WRs drafted in the top-10 of the NFL Draft who saw with 100+ targets (like Odunze), all but one finished ahead of where he is currently being drafted (outside the top-30), and six of the eight finished inside the top-20. It is a simple ADP pricing overcorrection for a player we all loved coming out of college.


Tyler Warren, (TE) IND
Current ADP: 8.12
The last two years have taught us a simple lesson: the NFL is changing, and rookie TEs are leading the way. Warren led all college pass-catchers (yes, that includes WRs) in receiving yardage versus man-to-man coverage. His slot usage (47%) also hints at the type of chess piece the Colts could use him as in Year 1, as he certifiably has the “dog” when it comes to after-the-catch ability. While finishing as the TE1 like Bowers and LaPorta is not something we are projecting, finding another difference-making rookie TE in the later rounds of your draft is what we are telling you to prepare for.


Colston Loveland, (TE) CHI
Current ADP: 9.12
We knew NFL teams were enamored with Loveland, but the stories that came out after the draft truly tell you how highly he was valued. He essentially was the Michigan offense last year, commanding targets at an absurdly high rate with a diverse route tree. The Bears selected him 10th overall with a plan in place attached to an emerging QB and top-tier play-caller. You could dismiss Loveland as a “better in dynasty” type of pick if you still subscribe to the fantasy TE playbook of yesteryear. 2025 is calling, and it’s saying that taking a shot on a breakout TE now is better than looking up a year from now in disappointment after once again ignoring the trends. Get with the times, FootClan!