Cam Ward, (QB) TEN
The Titans are hoping for some magic similar to Jayden Daniels to reshape the culture and give its franchise a leader and starting QB worth watching. Ward has the size, mobility, and arm strength that matched his 4313 & 39 final season at Miami. Every rookie QB has a giant learning curve but Ward’s improvisation skills and arm mirror more Caleb Williams than Daniels. He carries a “what if” factor in fantasy, as his rushing production was more of a bonus than pure weapon in college. Without top end receiving options, Ward could run into some 1st year struggles as we project him as nothing more than an occasional streamer.

Dynasty Outlook
In SuperFlex rookie drafts, we are slightly lower than the market on Ward, preferring the elite RBs and WRs first. In startup rankings, he is in range as a top-15 QB but we would caution anyone paying up for him as a sure thing for fantasy. Perhaps the Titans add some younger receiving weapons in the 2026 draft.

Round 1, Pick 2
Travis Hunter, (WR) JAX
The Jags traded a lot to move up and get Hunter with the No. 2 pick in the NFL Draft, and immediately following the pick, the coaching staff and front office seemed to indicate that the Heisman Trophy winner will primarily play on offense, at least to start. We think BTJ will lead the room in production, but behind Thomas, there isn’t exactly stiff target competition. Hunter should have no problem walking into a 20+% target share. For a guy with his skills and game-breaking ability, that should be enough volume for him to put up fantasy points, even if he’s not a full-time player as he mixes in at corner.

Dynasty Outlook
Once considered a “risk” early in the process due to the fact that he might strictly play CB in the NFL, Hunter looks like much more of a safe target in rookie drafts and startup drafts, with the Jaguars likely to have the unicorn play primarily on offense. There is some risk in the future that he plays more corner than we realize, but his upside as a WR is insanely high.

Round 1, Pick 6
Ashton Jeanty, (RB) LV
Let’s be clear: Jeanty checks nearly every box as an RB prospect. Beyond the 29 rushing TDs last year as a Heisman runner-up, he also is one of three 1st round RBs to see 20+ of their team’s receiving yardage in a single season (2023), joining some guys named Christian McCaffrey and Jahmyr Gibbs. The Raiders certainly were smitten, taking him higher than any RB in the NFL draft since Saquon Barkley in 2018. If you possess this type of draft capital (6th overall) and elite college production at this young of an age (21 years old), you crush for fantasy. Expect a mammoth workload on a much-improved Raiders team. We have him as a fringe 1st round pick in redraft, but certainly understand if you want to call your shot ahead of other established backs.

Dynasty Outlook
As the clear 1.01 of the 2025 class, you know about the hype surrounding Jeanty. We currently have him as our RB3 and a late 1st round pick in 1QB startups. The Raiders are a solid landing spot, and we expect insane production in Year 1, which will only increase his value heading into Year 2.

Round 1, Pick 8
Tetairoa McMillan, (WR) CAR
The Panthers are obviously not a top-tier offense, and we’re still not sure where the truth lies with Bryce Young. However, McMillan should easily lead this team in targets and be productive right away. He’s not the same type of prospect as guys like Marv, Nabers, or Brian Thomas a year ago, but WR2 numbers for fantasy are well within reach, especially in the second half of the season when rookie WRs tend to peak in Year 1.

Dynasty Outlook
The hit rate on top-10 WRs with this type of production profile is great for dynasty purposes, and McMillan lands in a spot where he has the potential to be the alpha immediately. We’re bullish on TMac’s short and long-term outlook here in Carolina. He’s a rock-solid top-5 pick in rookie drafts this year and a nice target in startups as well.

Round 1, Pick 10
Colston Loveland, (TE) CHI
It’s crowded in Chicago…DJ Moore, Rome Odunze, Luther Burden, and of course, Loveland are all exciting pieces in Ben Johnson’s offense. The fact that this situation is really tough to predict creates some uncertainty around the rookie’s Year 1 role. That uncertainty could present a value in drafts if Loveland can emerge as a legit weapon in this offense. We’re excited about most of the options tied to Johnson and Caleb, but this situation has a wide range of outcomes. We don’t mind taking shots later in drafts on the rookie, but be ready to pivot if the WRs dominate the targets early on.

Dynasty Outlook
Loveland’s draft capital is excellent as the 10th overall pick. This new regime clearly has a plan for him, so even if he’s not incredible as a rookie, be patient. He’s only 21 years old, and his 38% targets per route run during his final year at Ann Arbor is the highest of any TE over the last decade.

Round 1, Pick 14
Tyler Warren, (TE) IND
Warren is a bit of a unicorn in that he was able to play a variety of roles at Penn State. Lined up in line, in the slot, in the backfield, and even as a wildcat QB, the upside for Warren is pretty nice if Shane Steichen can be creative in how he utilizes the big TE. Sadly, we’re skeptical that the dynamic duo of Anthony Richardson and Daniel Jones can unleash a rookie TE, especially with Josh Downs and Michael Pittman above-average target earners. We are fine taking some shots on the unknown of Warren in redraft, but if we’re being honest, it’s easier to paint the upside case in Year 2 if Indy gets an upgrade at QB.

Dynasty Outlook
Warren’s Year 1 outlook is a big question mark given the state of the QB room, but in dynasty, we don’t want to overreact. He’s the 14th overall pick in the draft, and his production during his final year at PSU was off the charts. We view him as a no question top-10 guy before he even takes a snap in the NFL.

Round 1, Pick 19
Emeka Egbuka, (WR) TB
It’s difficult to project a lot of targets for Egbuka with Mike Evans and Chris Godwin atop the depth chart, but that doesn’t mean the rookie is not an exciting upside pick in late redraft leagues. Evans is now 32 years old and has a history of hamstring injuries, while Godwin is coming off a serious ankle injury. We expect him to start right away in 3WR sets, and if either Evans or Godwin misses time, Egbuka would be an immediate plug-and-play start in fantasy. He is going way later in drafts than he should based on his talent, so scoop him up and stash him at the end of your bench.

Dynasty Outlook
This feels pretty similar to the rookie season outlook for JSN a few years back when Lockett and Metcalf were the locked-in starters. Egbuka is a talented first round WR, but the situation looks crowded right now. Mike Evans is still doing his thing, Chris Godwin was re-signed in free agency, and Jalen McMillan is a serviceable WR3 for an NFL team. As things stand, this “feels like a bad landing spot, but Egbuka could easily emerge down the stretch and then be one of the go-to guys for Baker Mayfield in 2026. Trust the draft capital and production profile here.

Round 1, Pick 22
Omarion Hampton, (RB) LAC
With back-to-back seasons of 1,500+ rushing yards and 15 rushing TDs, Hampton was a fantastic prospect, and the Chargers certainly thought so, taking him 22nd overall. For context, we’ve only had 10 other RBs taken higher in the NFL Draft since 2011. When watching film, Hampton leverages his size and body extremely well and projects to be a very good power back in the NFL. With a decent enough 3rd down skill set and elite contact balance, he can be used as a true workhorse and has a high-end fantasy ceiling in Year 1 despite Najee Harris’ presence. We have him ranked as a low-end RB2/FLEX with the assumption he can be a 2nd half hammer for your teams.

Dynasty Outlook
Hampton checks a ton of boxes we look for with young RBs. The draft capital and landing spot are a great marriage, as the Chargers seem committed to the run. He won't juke you out of your shoes and doesn't try to; he will instead just go through you. It could be a slow start in Year 1, sharing time with Najee but don’t let that deter you. Expect him to hold value as a top-10 RB in startups regardless of his performance this year.

Round 1, Pick 23
Matthew Golden, (WR) GB
Josh Jacobs said after the season that the Packers needed a true WR1. Green Bay must have listened after they went out and took the Texas prospect in the first round of the draft. He’s a really tough projection. We love this offense and the upside case here, but this is also a team that likes to rotate their WRs with a focus on the run game. There will probably be some exciting weeks from Golden, but we don’t project the consistency to be there in Year 1.

Dynasty Outlook
It is not hyperbole to say this is the worst Round 1 production profile we’ve seen in a long, long time. Going back to 2020, among first round WR prospects, only Jalen Reagor had a lower yards per route run than Golden, and no one had fewer yards per game in their final season than Golden. Analytically, there is a ton of risk here with Golden, but the landing spot and draft capital are great. Could Golden be the answer to the Packers’ WR woes recently? Maybe. Could he struggle as a rookie? Also, maybe. Worth noting, Romeo Doubs and Christian Watson are both free agents after this year, so things could open up nicely for Golden moving forward.

Round 1, Pick 25
Jaxson Dart, (QB) NYG
The Giants traded up to the back of the 1st round to take Ole Miss signal caller Jaxson Dart. While Russell Wilson will be the initial starting QB according to HC Brian Daboll, Dart’s development as a drop back passer will be one storyline to monitor this summer. He rarely processed past his 1st read in college but with the highest scramble rate (9.5%) in this class, he can be fantasy-friendly going forward. We’re not expecting fireworks in Year 1.

Dynasty Outlook
Dart slowly moved up boards during the scouting process as his live arm and scrambling ability fits today’s game. There are some detractors who knock him for a lack of consistency and a “Mickey Mouse” offense he played in at Ole Miss. Regardless of your talent evaluation, he seems like one of 32 starting QBs moving forward and a fringe top-20 QB in startup rankings.

Round 2, Pick 34
Jayden Higgins, (WR) HOU
We project Higgins to start out in 2WR sets right away as a rookie across from Nico Collins as these two form perhaps the tallest starting combo in the league. Jump balls in the end zone, anyone?! Higgins was selected early in Round 2, so obviously, the Texans have got a plan to get him involved right away, but as long as Nico Collins is healthy and Christian Kirk is doing his thing in the slot, we don’t expect the production to be consistent on a week-in and week-out basis. For now, consider him a late round bench stash to see if the rookie can catch fire in what could be an exciting offense.

Dynasty Outlook
Higgins’s above average production profile and strong draft capital make him a solid early Round 2 pick in rookie drafts. Given that Nico Collins just signed an extension last season, his ultimate ceiling is probably capped for a couple of years, but this is still an exciting landing spot attached to CJ Stroud.

Round 2, Pick 36
Quinshon Judkins, (RB) CLE
Judkins profiles as an early down runner with the TD chops (45 rushing in 3 seasons) to make a difference in fantasy for Year 1. While his former Ohio State teammate TreVeyon Henderson is the more exciting name in PPR leagues, Judkins’ early breakout age (18.9) and sneaky passing work (highest TPRR in this class) should not be overlooked. The team added rookie Dylan Sampson in Round 4 but Judkins’ early draft capital would normally make this a plug-and-play RB2 situation. However, with his potential suspension looming from a domestic violence charge, our hands are tied until the league and/or the Browns make a decision. He has not signed his rookie contract and therefore we have an unprecedented moment unfolding for fantasy. Stay posted.

Dynasty Outlook
Judkins could end up being a volume-based RB2 for years to come. We know rushing TDs are one of the most translatable skills and sticky stats from college to the pros. He surprisingly balled out at the Combine (4.48 40-time), and when you couple that with early day-two capital, Judkins profiles as as a future difference-maker. However, his legal troubles certainly cloud all future value.

Round 2, Pick 38
TreVeyon Henderson, (RB) NE
It seems like half the NFL was after Hendo’s services, as we heard tons of rumors post-NFL Draft that lots of teams tried to trade up for him. The Patriots secured the dynamic back early in the 2nd round, although they’ve spoken about him being part of a committee with Rhamondre Stevenson to start the year. His calling card at Ohio State was explosiveness in space both as a runner and pass-catcher. This New England offense desperately needs playmakers, and Henderson fits the bill of being an RB2 in PPR leagues with upside even without a full workload. It wouldn’t shock us if he ends up being 2nd or 3rd on the team in receptions by the end of the year.

Dynasty Outlook
Hendo is a top-5 pick in rookie drafts and flirts with top-10 status as an RB in startups before ever taking a snap in the NFL. He's not a perfect back, but his ability to make plays in space and stretch defenses to respect the outside zone is going to transform this young Patriots offense. OC Josh McDaniels has historically done a great job of getting his RBs involved out of the backfield as pass catchers. That's where Henderson shines and how he can catapult into top-5 status in full PPR leagues if things break right.

Round 2, Pick 39
Luther Burden III, (WR) CHI
Chicago surprised a lot of people when they not only took Loveland 10th overall but double-dipped in Round 2 with Burden. In our projections, we have Moore and Odunze leading the way, but we’ve seen that slot WR role be very fruitful for fantasy in Ben Johnson’s offense. Considering Burden played most of his collegiate snaps in the slot, he should naturally slide into that role for Caleb Williams. It is a lot to ask any QB to support 3+ pass catchers for fantasy on a consistent basis, so this could be a situation that changes a lot throughout the year. Initially, we expect Moore and Odunze to lead the team in targets, but we could see Burden emerge down the stretch if he’s talented enough to steal looks away from those guys. Of course, there is also plenty of contingent upside with him if either Moore or Odunze misses time due to injury. He’s a high upside later round pick with a wide range of outcomes.

Dynasty Outlook
Burden’s production profile and college usage is one that carries a wide range of outcomes in dynasty. On one hand, this guy was incredible in his second season with a young breakout age in the SEC. On the other hand, he regressed in his final season, and the vast majority of his production came on manufactured looks around the line of scrimmage with a low aDOT. Those types of guys can take some time to develop in the NFL, but obviously, as the 39th overall pick tied to Ben Johnson, we’re still very interested in the former Mizzou wide out. With Moore and Rome likely to start out in 2WR sets, it could take a bit of time for Burden to make his mark in the NFL, but as we always say, bet on talent, not situation, in dynasty. Burden has the talent to produce.

Round 2, Pick 40
Tyler Shough, (QB) NO
You can make a ton of ageist jokes with 2nd round pick Shough (pronounced “shuck”) if you want to go down that route. He is older than Trevor Lawrence (who has 4 years of NFL experience) and he will likely be the final NFL player drafted who was born before the year 2000. Geriatrics aside, he looks like the heir apparent in New Orleans with Derek Carr retiring. History is not too kind to old QBs entering the NFL and the Saints will have to renovate their offensive makeup under new HC Kellen Moore after finishing 27th in EPA per pass attempt last year. Shough is off the redraft radar with the Saints sporting the 2nd highest odds to finish the regular season with the fewest wins in the NFL. Aw-shucks.

Dynasty Outlook
The hit rate on Day 2 QBs isn’t great considering only 3 of 24 QBs selected there since 2014 had a starting job for more than one season. Add in the hit rate on QBs beginning their career at age 26 is… well, it’s not great Bob! Historical stats aside, Shough should be given the opportunity to try and execute Kellen Moore’s new look Saints offense which ranked top-10 in neutral pace and offensive plays per game each of the last six years. If he doesn’t run, he will be hard pressed to be much more for fantasy than the guy he is replacing: Derek Carr.

Round 2, Pick 42
Mason Taylor, (TE) NYJ
The NFL loves Mason Taylor (He is the son of Jason Taylor, after all). He was getting some buzz as a potential late Round 1 pick just before the NFL Draft, and the Jets scooped him up early in Round 2. We didn’t really love his production coming out of LSU, but you can’t argue that the opportunity is there for the rookie to play just about every snap for the Jets as early as Week 1. If you want to take a shot on him and see what shakes out in New York, it’s honestly not the worst idea in the world. However, don’t be afraid to pivot early on if he doesn’t hit the ground running, especially considering he suffered a high ankle sprain early in camp.

Dynasty Outlook
Taylor has some yellow flags in his profile coming out of LSU, but the draft capital is strong, and so is the landing spot. Considering he frequently falls to the late 2nd round of rookie drafts, he’s a potential value there. We wouldn’t be shocked if it took some time for him to produce for fantasy, but this is a guy who’s going to play a ton of snaps right away.

Round 2, Pick 46
Terrance Ferguson, (TE) LAR
Ladies and Gentleman, do we have a new Turd Ferguson on our hands? For the sake of our podcast, let’s hope so. Ferguson was a 2nd round pick by Sean McVay, and that definitely has us intrigued for fantasy football. Unfortunately, some dudes named Puka Nacua and Davante Adams are atop the WR depth chart, so there may not be many targets available for the TE position in LA’s offense. For now, he’s a name to know who could be a waiver wire pickup if things break his way.

Dynasty Outlook
The Oregon TE was one of the biggest winners of the NFL Combine with some great athletic testing numbers, and we saw him parlay that into a really nice Round 2 draft capital as the 46th overall pick. For Year 1, it may be a slow burn with Tyler Higbee still here for one more season, but this could be the Rams’ TE of the future as soon as 2026. He’s a solid target late in rookie drafts and startup drafts, as we like targeting athletic TEs attached to good offenses.

Round 2, Pick 50
Elijah Arroyo, (TE) SEA
Arroyo wasn’t the cleanest prospect coming out of Miami, as he dealt with some knee injuries in college. However, he flashed during his final year with Cam Ward, and he was selected in the 2nd round. The Seahawks cut Noah Fant just before training camp, opening up a spot for Arroyo to start right away as a rookie. He'll compete with 2024 4th rounder AJ Barner for the starting TE role and should step into 2TE sets right away. This projects to be a low volume pass offense, so Arroyo isn't likely to be a huge difference maker this year, but he could develop into a streaming candidate in the right matchup as the year progresses.

Dynasty Outlook
We thought Arroyo might have to wait a year before getting his turn as the Seahawks’ starting TE, but after the team cut ties with Noah Fant, he immediately gets a small boost in dynasty value. We wouldn't want to rely on him as a starter out of the gate, but he’s a nice stash in dynasty after the Seahawks used the 50th overall pick on the former Miami Hurricane.

Round 2, Pick 55
Tre Harris, (WR) LAC
The number FIFTY-FIIIIIVE pick in the draft, Harris lands in a great spot with Justin Herbert and the Bolts. We know Ladd is the guy here out of the slot, but Harris should be on the field right away on the perimeter, and if Quge happens to struggle at any point, this coaching staff should be playing Harris at a pretty high rate. Heck, there is even a chance he opens Week 1 as a starting WR, filling the ‘Josh Palmer’ role. We like him as a sleeper late in drafts, given that behind Ladd, there is not a ton of target competition.

Dynasty Outlook
If you are a freak in the (spread)sheets, Harris looks like your guy for dynasty formats. The man put up over 1,000 yards during his final year at Ole Miss in just eight games while averaging over FIVE yards per route run (not a typo), and he got Round 2 draft capital. It’s a pretty strong analytical profile, but it is not perfect by any means. He didn’t produce a ton early on, and he’s already 23 years old. We view him as a wide range of outcomes type of prospect, but the playing time should be there in Year 1, and the QB play is great. Let’s see if he can capitalize.

Round 2, Pick 58
Jack Bech, (WR) LV
The Raiders figure to be one of the more run-heavy teams in the league under Pete Carroll and Chip Kelly, but we’ve seen Geno Smith support some great WR seasons during his time in Seattle. Bowers and Meyers should lead the way here, but we liked Bech as a prospect, and the draft capital was nice. He should have no issues getting on the field right away across from Meyers (sorry Tre Tucker), making him a sneaky target late in drafts. Pop him at the end of your bench and see what the rookie can do in Year 1.

Dynasty Outlook
If you’ve tuned into the Dynasty Pod, you know we’re full on Bech Boiz. Some might even call us Bech Friends. Either way, we liked Bech going into the NFL Draft, and the Raiders took him with the 58th overall pick to give us hope that this thing might work out. In 2025, he’ll probably be the third target in the offense behind Bowers and Meyers, but in 2026, there is a real chance he’s this team’s WR1 with Jakobi hitting free agency. Even if he doesn’t get off to a fast start in Year 1, just realize the Bech is yet to come. (Exits stage right.)

Round 2, Pick 60
RJ Harvey, (RB) DEN
The 24-year-old UCF RB had his backers throughout the scouting process who saw his 22 rushing TDs and solid receiving work match his explosiveness in the open field. Apparently the Broncos agreed, selecting him in the 2nd round to outfit a backfield sans Javonte Williams. While Sean Payton’s RB rotations were maddening for fantasy last year, the allure of Harvey as the lead back for an offense that prioritizes throwing to the RB is certainly intoxicating. Since 2011, we've seen 11 Day 2 RBs taken in the first five rounds of fantasy drafts, and Harvey is certainly trending in that direction to join that group. Historically, those RBs were a mixed bag of hype and hoopla, but Harvey projects to see the lion’s share of opportunities and a ton of receptions for a good Denver offense. We'll see how much JK Dobbins steals on early downs, but we fully expect Harvey to receive the high value looks in the pass game. If he's efficient with those touches, he can still be a big hit for fantasy while playing on an up and coming offense with Bo Nix.

Dynasty Outlook
He’s older than Breece Hall despite the fact that the Jets RB enters Year 4 in the NFL. After transitioning from QB at Virginia, transferring to UCF, a COVID year, and recovering from a major injury, the path was circuitous for him to land as the latest hotness in dynasty circles. Seriously, he might be the most popular name of the summer. Harvey is in consideration as a late 1st round rookie pick for teams looking for an instant impact in the backfield.

Round 3, Pick 67
Harold Fannin Jr., (TE) CLE
Fannin’s not draftable in redraft leagues as he’s set to begin the season as the TE2 on his own team behind Njoku. That said, if he ever gets starter reps, he would be interesting as a pick-up off the waiver wire given his insane production profile coming out of Bowling Green.

Dynasty Outlook
Fannin was third in the entire country last year in yards per route run (3.77) among all WRs and TEs that saw 50+ targets. Sure, that was at Bowling Green, but his numbers are off the charts, and he had huge games against real competition like Penn State (11/137/1) and Texas A&M (8/145/1). He’s not an athletic specimen by any means, but his college production profile is one of the best we’ve ever seen for a TE prospect. It remains to be seen how his game will translate to the NFL as a slightly undersized player, but with Njoku potentially moving on after this year, he’s a really solid piece to target for rebuilding teams with an eye toward the future.

Round 3, Pick 69
Kyle Williams, (WR) NE
There is a decent chance Williams is a starting WR for the Patriots at some point this year, and it could be as early as Week 1 depending on how things go in training camp. New England still has an interesting cast of characters on the roster (Kayshon Boutte, Kendrick Bourne, Ja’Lynn Polk), but those aren’t scary names in terms of playing time competition. If Drake Maye is the real deal, and Williams can earn that WR2 spot, he will have some upside weeks for fantasy. For now, consider him a sleeper later in drafts who could emerge in the back half of the season.

Dynasty Outlook
Williams gained a ton of steam in NFL Draft circles later in the process, and he lands in a nice spot with Day 2 draft capital without a ton of competition for playing time. When Diggs is healthy, we expect him to be the WR1, but Diggs isn’t exactly young anymore, and last year’s Round 2 pick, Ja’Lynn Polk, looks like a bust. He is a nice target in the second round of rookie drafts, but be careful chasing up drafts in startup drafts. He’s still a third round pick who is already 23 years old and who played five years at UNLV and Washington State. In other words, he is not a perfect prospect by any means.

Round 3, Pick 70
Isaac TeSlaa, (WR) DET
It is pronounced TesLAW, in case you were wondering. This is a Brad Holmes heat-check type of pick. After crushing his recent drafts, we’re willing to trust Detroit on this one, but they gave up a lot to move up in Round 3 to take TeSlaa out of Arkansas. He’s not exactly a great prospect in our models, but the Day 2 capital says you need to pay attention. For redraft, he’s really only on the radar if Amon-Ra and/or Jamo miss time.

Dynasty Outlook
TeSlaa was a consensus Day 3 guy on big boards, but Detroit surprised a lot of people when they took him 70th overall. Analytically, he’s not a great prospect with very little production, but the physical tools are there. At 6’4, 214 lbs., TeSlaa ran 4.43 at the Combine, giving him a 91st percentile speed score. Landing in Detroit, we’re willing to leave the light on for the Arkansas Razorback, but no one would be surprised if this didn’t work out.

Round 3, Pick 74
Pat Bryant, (WR) DEN
Rookie WRs in this offense have not done much in recent years with Payton in Denver. Marvin Mims, Troy Franklin, and DeVaughn Vele have all had some moments, but they’ve all been part-time players in Year 1. That’s the most likely outcome for Bryant, who was a third round pick out of Illinois. For now, know the name as a potential waiver wire guy, but you don’t need to draft him in redraft.

Dynasty Outlook
Bryant was a surprise Day 2 pick by Sean Payton after he was taken in the third round, so obviously that gives Bryant some life as a sleeper, but he was way overdrafted based on consensus big boards. Historically, those guys tend to flame out in the NFL, but maybe Bryant can buck the trend. Or, perhaps he’s the heir apparent to Sutton if the team doesn’t sign him to an extension.

Round 3, Pick 79
Jaylin Noel, (WR) HOU
Houston double-dipped in the Draft by taking both Iowa State WRs on Day 2. Noel played over 70% of his collegiate snaps in the slot, which is not ideal with Christian Kirk ahead of him on the depth chart. For Year 1, he’s probably blocked for playing time, but if Kirk happens to miss time due to injury, Noel should enter 3WR sets. As it stands, we don’t have a ton of interest in drafting him, but you definitely need to know the name in the event we’re scooping him off waivers later in the season.

Dynasty Outlook
Noel is almost certainly going to have to wait his turn for playing time with fellow slot WR Christian Kirk in town. However, if the veteran moves on after this year when his contract expires, Noel should man the slot for CJ Stroud as early as 2026. His per route numbers, especially against zone coverage, were really strong coming out of Iowa State, so we think his game has a good chance of translating at the next level.

Round 3, Pick 83
Kaleb Johnson, (RB) PIT
Johnson looks and feels like a Steeler RB with some impressive size (6’1”, 224) with a production profile popping big time in our database. He accounted for a whopping 76% of Iowa's yardage last year, and his 52% Dominator Rating is easily tops in this year's RB class. He is a downhill runner within a scheme that produced 4-straight 1,000-yard seasons from Najee Harris. All three Footballers have Johnson projected for significantly more carries than Jaylen Warren and someone we are willing to take a shot on as a Year 1 difference-maker for fantasy. He can be an RB2 at year’s end.

Dynasty Outlook
Johnson ends up being a late 1st round rookie pick with the breakout age (19.1) and production to justify taking a long view. He might not ball out as a rookie if the QB situation is a train wreck, but you can bet OC Arthur Smith is going to find ways to utilize him around the goal-line. A year from now, Johnson could be a top-12 RB in startups.

Round 3, Pick 92
Jalen Milroe, (QB) SEA
With the pick they acquired from the Geno Smith trade, Seattle selected Milroe to be their QB in waiting/fail safe in case Sam Darnold is not the answer. Several coaches and scouts said that Milroe is “the greatest runner of the football” they have ever evaluated at the QB position after 65 runs of 10+ yards over the last two years. For redraft leagues, he is a wait-and-see knowing there is still a ton of projection related to him being a drop back passer.

Dynasty Outlook
Milroe is about as fun of a rookie pick as it gets. You’re hoping he follows in the footsteps of another former Alabama QB named Jalen sitting in the wings until he becomes a full-fledged fantasy force thanks to his legs. This landing spot in Seattle is perfect: a run-heavy scheme that plays to his strengths as a play-action passer. We love shooting for the moon with these types of players in SuperFlex leagues. He could be DeShone Kizer or Jalen Hurts or something in between.

Round 4, Pick 103
Chimere Dike, (WR) TEN
Dike was one of the biggest surprise picks in the draft, at least based on pre-NFL Draft mocks. He wasn’t really on the radar as a fringe top-100 pick, so you could definitely say the Titans reached a bit. Did they overvalue his 40? Perhaps…Dike ran 4.34, so maybe he can fill a field-stretcher role for them. Will it matter for fantasy? Nah, fam.

Dynasty Outlook
Dike played four years at Wisconsin before transferring to Florida for his final season. Analytically, he doesn’t look very good if we are being honest. He only averaged 518 yards and 2.5 TDs per season during his final four years, and he never had more than 47 catches in a single season. Generally speaking, guys like this in college do not become better in the pros, especially guys who are Day 3 selections.

Round 4, Pick 104
Bhayshul Tuten, (RB) JAX
Darn Tuten! The Virginia Tech back turned heads at the NFL Combine, running a 4.32 after showcasing great contact balance in his final year. This Jaguars regime publicly shared that Tuten was one of their targets pre-draft, as new GM James Gladstone gushed about his tackle-breaking ability. Travis Etienne is in the final year of his contract, and Tank Bigsby lacks any receiving profile to make a serious impact. King Tuten does come with a case of fumbilitis so sniff out any camp reports coming downwind detailing struggles with ball security. We just saw Liam Cohen turn the keys over to his rookie (Bucky Irving) last year after the presumed starter (Rachaad White) struggled with efficiency. Could fantasy managers be all too fart-unate in 2025 with Tuten?

Dynasty Outlook
Flatulence is next to godliness (as they say) and Tuten is arguably the best thing that’s happened to this podcast for fart-related puns since Brett Rypien (of Rypien Farts lore) graced us with his presence. Poots aside, he is one of the few Day 3 RBs we are bullish on for dynasty purposes. He saw 12% of Virginia Tech’s receptions in 2024, and our general threshold is 11% for fantasy RB1s.

Round 4, Pick 105
Cam Skattebo, (RB) NYG
It’s complicated with Skattebo. We were hoping he would sneak into the 3rd round of the NFL Draft as a Day 2 pick, but he fell to the early 4th. The production profile and the fact that he saw 21% of Arizona State’s receptions (highest in this class) loom large in our minds. It’s hard erasing those College Football Playoff memories where he was absolutely wrecking defenses despite seemingly running five mph. He will compete with Tyrone Tracy Jr. and Devin Singletary for touches, but expect it to be a slow burn. This team also has one of the toughest schedules in the NFL, so betting on a Day 3 back on a bad offense isn’t exactly a recipe for fantasy success, regardless of our priors. Skattebo's early season outlook took a hit in early August when he suffered a hamstring injury. If he misses a few weeks of camp, expect him to start the season behind Tracy on the depth chart.

Dynasty Outlook
The Day 3 Draft capital is certainly not ideal, although there is some potential opportunity as a rookie in New York. Unfortunately for dynasty, we’re not convinced Brian Daboll and Joe Schoen keep their jobs, meaning Skattebo could be a former Day 3 pick with a brand new coaching staff in 2026. Historically speaking, that has not been a recipe for success with dynasty RBs.

Round 4, Pick 108
Dont'e Thornton Jr., (WR) LV
Thornton’s not really on the radar for redraft leagues. The 4th round rookie out of Tennessee profiles as a deep threat and field stretcher who blazed a 4.3 in the 40-yard dash. He’ll mix in for some snaps and probably be one of those guys who helps the Raiders in real life by opening up the field for Meyers and Bowers to go to work in the short-to-intermediate areas. Sadly, we don’t get fantasy points for that.

Dynasty Outlook
Thornton began his career at Oregon before transferring to Tennessee. The production profile is pretty weak, but this dude averaged a ridiculous 25.4 yards per catch during his final year, which makes a lot of sense when you look at this speed profile. For now, know the name in case he can carve out a role, but he’s probably one of those rookies who struggles to make an impact in Year 1.

Round 4, Pick 110
Arian Smith, (WR) NYJ
When you look at pre-NFL Draft mocks for projected draft capital, this might be the biggest reach of them all. Smith was taken in the 4th round and was one of those “Wait..what?” type of picks. Let’s start with the positives. This man is fast as lightning. That’s it. That is the list. Smith played five years at Georgia and did not top 200 receiving yards until his final season while accumulating 10 total TDs in his entire career. His profile is that of a 7th rounder/UDFA. Meh.

Dynasty Outlook
Smith’s production profile is one of the worst we have ever seen in our time doing this. No, thank you!

Round 4, Pick 114
Trevor Etienne, (RB) CAR
Travis’s brother was taken by Carolina early on Day 3 to fill in the depth chart behind Chuba Hubbard and Rico Dowdle. His rushing production in the SEC was rather pedestrian as an undersized (5’9”, 198) back, but the pass-catching chops (32 receptions in 2024) were evident. Congrats to Mama Etienne on another NFL back!

Dynasty Outlook
The “other Etienne” is a middling prospect stuck in depth chart purgatory in Carolina. Is he worth a late 3rd round pick? Maybe. If his name were “Gerald McDouglas”, you’d probably think twice, but the family name subconsciously gives him a boost that maybe he could work in fantasy football.

Round 4, Pick 116
Woody Marks, (RB) HOU
His parents know him as Jo'Quavious Dequane Marks, but “Woody” will play for the NFL. The 4th round pick out of USC is older as a prospect (24 years old) with a lackluster production profile, including just a 23% dominator rating. With Joe Mixon monopolizing the backfield and Nick Chubb now on the roster as RB2, he likely will be left with a few touches here and there. For now, with Mixon battling a lingering foot injury, he's a sleeper for deeper formats as he could get some touches if this Mixon foot injury lingers into the regular season.

Dynasty Outlook
Marks has a three-down skill set to compete with Pierce, who is in the final year of his rookie contract. Who knows what this backfield looks like in a year, so for now consider him a fun dart throw as Mixon's potential backup moving forward.

Round 4, Pick 117
Jarquez Hunter, (RB) LAR
Running for 1,200+ yards as a senior is no joke in the SEC, so there are some supporters for Hunter after the Rams selected him in the 4th round. The backfield in LA seems complicated with Kyren Williams and last year’s 3rd round pick Blake Corum. However, Sean McVay doesn’t exactly play by the rules of fantasy with Day 3 guys (Kyren, Puka) shining through repeatedly when they fit his system.

Dynasty Outlook
Tank Bigsby’s former backup set an Auburn record for the longest rush in program history with a 94-yard TD rush. Cool stuff, Jarquez! He is a classic late round dart throw in rookie drafts.

Round 4, Pick 126
Dylan Sampson, (RB) CLE
Sampson was fun to watch in the scouting process after rushing for 22 TDs and winning SEC Player of the Year at Tennessee. However, some scouts doubt his tape due to the insane wide lanes from the Vols offense not translating to the NFL. He is very scheme-dependent as a man/gap runner and offers a “counter-punch” to Quinshon Judkins' physical style. Regardless, he is off the redraft radar to start the season.

Dynasty Outlook
Jerome Ford is a free agent after the season, and the Judkins/Sampson duo could be a potent offensive weapon. You are hoping this transforms into a new thunder and lightning duo.

Round 4, Pick 128
Jaylin Lane, (WR) WAS
A 4th rounder out of Virginia Tech, Lane profiles as a slot WR at the next level. Considering only two WRs in the class had a higher percentage of their career targets come behind the line of scrimmage, Lane is actually a pretty good fit in Kliff’s system. Unfortunately for him, he is buried on the depth chart, and his skillset is sort of redundant with Deebo’s. He’s not on the radar for redraft leagues right now, but he could be a waiver wire pickup later on if there are injuries in Washington.

Dynasty Outlook
Lane’s college production is below average, but he is a 4th rounder, so he is definitely making this roster, and as things stand right now, both Terry and Deebo are gone after this season. It’s thin, but feel free to take a flyer late in rookie drafts. Just be sure to keep your expectations in check.

Round 4, Pick 136
Elic Ayomanor, (WR) TEN
The short-term opportunity is there for one of these Titans rookies to step up across from Calvin Ridley. The elder statesman, Tyler Lockett, is theoretically atop the depth chart with Ridley, but if Lockett is over the age cliff, one of the rookies might have some value at times this season. Playing with a rookie QB, however, does give us plenty of pause.

Dynasty Outlook
Ayomanor had some huge games in college, namely against Travis Hunter and the Buffs. Entering the pre-draft process, the Stanford Cardinal got some Day 2 buzz, but he slipped to the 4th round and wasn’t even the first rookie drafted on his own team. He is a fine Round 3 guy in rookie drafts, but we have to adjust with new information, and it seems like the NFL isn’t in love with Elic.

Round 5, Pick 149
Jaydon Blue, (RB) DAL
You're my boy, Blue! In his final season at Texas, Blue had 42 receptions and six receiving TDs, the highest single-season receiving TD total of any RB in the class. The receiving back ran the second-fastest 40-yard dash among RBs (4.38), but the draft capital remained less than stellar. He might gain some summer steam for those looking for a hero amongst the Dallas backfield. In our projections, he looks like a typical Day 3 RB off the redraft radar to start the season.

Dynasty Outlook
The pass-catching work is certainly what we want if you are trying to sort through an ambiguous backfield for fantasy. The process says “search hither!” and yet that same process says Day 3 RBs rarely ever make a dent and are easily replaced a year from now. Blue is a fun name on your bench, but totaled just 214 carries in three years at college. Forecasting him as the lead back at 5’9” and 196 lbs. requires a major leap of faith.

Round 6, Pick 179
Ollie Gordon II, (RB) MIA
While it’s hard blocking out his other-worldly sophomore season at Oklahoma State, where he was one of the top RBs in the country, is this one of those RBs who we are left asking, “what happened?” The draft capital is concerning, but the landing spot in Miami at least gives him some life for fantasy. He could assert himself as a complement to De’Von Achane, taking over Raheem Mostert’s role as the bigger-bodied back. Nevertheless, Gordon is off the redraft radar to start the season.

Dynasty Outlook
His name value keeps his rookie stock buoyed for now. In our research, when you survey the list of the rookie RBs drafted in the 4th round or later of the NFL draft and where managers took them in dynasty, it might cause you to rethink your life.

Round 6, Pick 184
Devin Neal, (RB) NO
Neal was the 17th RB taken in the 2025 NFL Draft… not exactly a vote of confidence from GMs around the league. Analytically and on tape, we thought Neal was a solid prospect, but being drafted in the 6th round says his chances of hitting for fantasy are quite slim. Perhaps he can carve out a role as the RB2 behind Kamara if he can overtake Kendre Miller throughout the season. Early on, the rookie will struggle to make an impact as he picked up a hamstring injury early in camp that will cost him a few weeks.

Dynasty Outlook
Consider him the “Anthony Mackie” of Avengers actors: he’s fine, but when you give him a leading role, you are left asking why anyone greenlit this as a good idea. Neal was an all-around back at Kansas who didn’t exactly overpower people as a runner. He lands on a Saints team destined for a top-5 draft pick in 2026.

Round 6, Pick 193
Tahj Brooks, (RB) CIN
We usually ignore Day 3 RBs as the majority of them are buried on depth charts but Brooks is a sleeper to know for this season. The Texas Tech star went over 1,500+ rushing yards each of the last two seasons as a “quicker than fast” back with over 100 receptions in his college career. Brooks is now competing with the old vet Samaje Perine for RB2 duties behind Chase Brown after the Bengals cut Zack Moss in late July. If Brown happens to miss time because of injury, run to your waiver wire and scoop him up. Or, if you're in a deep league with several bench spots, don't be afraid to take Brooks with your last pick and stash him.

Dynasty Outlook
At 5’9”, 214 lbs., Brooks is an intriguing dart throw if you are willing to go there. The high-powered nature of the Bengals' offense and a thin depth chart could open up opportunities in 2026. Consider us interested, like the way you might check out a new restaurant in town. If it’s good, hey, you were first! If it’s trash, it never happened!